SPCTR-3024 Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue where child responsive padding was not working as expected on the frontend. (#3308)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue where child responsive padding was not working as expected on the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue wherein the child responsive padding would not work as expected on the frontend.
```

Author: Done

Author: Done
